<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en-US" lang="en-US">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <title>Legal Notices</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/default.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/Template_style.css" />
  <script type="text/javascript" src="js/lib/zepto.min.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="js/common.js"></script>
</head>
<body onload="Cmn.notifyPlayReport(21);" onunload="/*キャッシュクリアのためにunloadイベントに空の関数をフック*/">
<section epub:type="chapter" aria-label="Legal Notices" id="chapter-1">
  <h2><span data-msgid="textbox_id-1">Legal Notices</span>
  </h2>
  <div class="tmp-bg">
    <div class="tmp-frame">
      <div class="tmp-box">
        <h4><span data-msgid="textbox_id-2">IMPORTANT</span>
        </h4>
        <p><span data-msgid="textbox_id-3">This game is not designed for use with any unauthorized device. Use of any such device will invalidate your Nintendo product warranty. Copying and/or distribution of any Nintendo game is illegal and is strictly prohibited by intellectual property laws.<br />
<br />
Unauthorized copying or distribution is prohibited. This product contains technical protection measures. Your Wii U system and this software are not designed for use with any unauthorized device or any non-licensed accessory. Such use may be illegal, voids any warranty, and is a breach of your obligations under the End User License Agreement. Further, use of an unauthorized device or software, will render this game or your Wii U system permanently unplayable and result in removal of unauthorized content. Nintendo (as well as any Nintendo licensee or distributor) is not responsible for any damage or loss caused by the use of such device or non-licensed accessory. A system update may be required to play this game.</span>
        </p>
      </div>
      <p class="text-box"><span data-msgid="textbox_id-4">© 2015 Nintendo   <br />  
Trademarks are property of their respective owners.   <br />  
Wii U is a trademark of Nintendo.</span><!-- textbox_id-4 150609: Using English copyright in all languages; do not translate - TM
150624: No change - TM -->
      </p>
      <p class="text-box" />
      <p class="text-box" />
      <p class="text-box"><span data-msgid="textbox_id-24">This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.</span><!-- textbox_id-24 150609: Using English copyright in all languages; do not translate - TM --></p>
      <p class="text-box"><span data-msgid="textbox_id-25">3D Sound Effect Socionext Inc.</span><!-- textbox_id-25 150609: Using English copyright in all languages; do not translate - TM --></p>     
      <p class="text-box"><span data-msgid="textbox_id-5">Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Thomas Fuchs<br />  http://zeptojs.com/<br />  <br />  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to  the following conditions:<br />  <br />  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.<br />  <br />  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE  LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION  OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION  WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</span><!-- textbox_id-5 150609: Using English copyright in all languages; do not translate - TM -->
      </p>
    </div>
    <div class="toppage-link"><span data-msgid="textbox_id-6"><a href="page_12.xhtml" class="btn-toplink" ontouchend='Cmn.onUpBtn(this, "btn-toplink")' ontouchstart='Cmn.onDownBtn(this, "btn-toplink-select")' ontouchcancel='Cmn.onUpBtn(this, "btn-toplink")'>Back to Product Information</a></span><!-- textbox_id-6 Not template -->
    </div>
  </div>
</section>


<span data-msgid="textbox_id-22"></span><span data-msgid="textbox_id-23"></span><!-- textbox_id_counter-25 --></body>
</html>
